Making changes:

If you are planning to translate something, make a new folder in your name. Move any files you want to translate into your own folder.

ALL IMAGES WILL BE CONVERTED TO G00S AT A LATER DATE

Image Translations:

Create a text file with the same name as the g00 file you are translating, and write the translations there.

Image Edits:

Keep the image close to the original, but make sure all text is translated. Currently fonts being used are - Simhei, KaiTi - You may use these fonts where suitable, but if you'd prefer to use another font, go ahead.

If anyone has a problem with an edited image, bring it up on the forum, and we can discuss alternatives.

Scene Translation:

Move the scene you want to translate to your folder, and begin translating. At the top of the file, place a line that says
// Translator: *Your Name*

To add comments, type // at the start of a new line, and type in your comment.
If you are struggling to translate a line, or are unsure of your translation, add a comment that says
// TLCHECK

Once you have finished with the scene, you should move it to one of the other folders. If you had any TLCHECK comments, move it to the TLCHECK folder. If not, move it to the QC folder.

Quality Checking:

Look out for any typos, grammar fragments, and confusing sentences. If there is a sentence or phrase that relies heavily on Japanese Culture, note down either in the file or in the forum topic. We can then discuss on how best to explain the cultural reference.

Adding the Translations to your game:
To add the translations to your game, you'll want to save a copy of the "1st beat Scene" folder in your ABVN directory.
Copy any files from the TLCHECK and QC folders into your 1st beat Scene folder too. Then, rename the folder to "Scene"
The tools you need to download can be found here: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/58805276/AngelBeats-1stBeat-Tools.rar
Extract the tools to your ABVN directory, then launch packscene-compressed.bat. Let it do it's thing, wait for it to say that you can close the cmd window.
You will be given a file named Scenetest.pck. Rename your Scene.pck to something else, and then rename Scenetext.pck to Scene.pck
